what's going on YouTube today I'm going
to show you my favorite reason to have a
rooted android phone this is a nexus 4
and if you're not rooted go check out
YouTube root your device it's very easy
especially on the Nexus but today I'm
going to show you how you can remove all
in-app advertisements on your phone this
includes the banners for example if you
go to play some game you have this
annoying advertisement at the top nobody
wants to see that you're trying to play
it's covering up your screen
it makes the app slower to load because
it's got one extra thing to load you can
accidentally click on it will take you
out of the app and you're paying big
money for a large screen on your device
and why cover up that valuable screen
with a useless ad if you're rooted it's
very easy to remove all those ads on
your device all you have to do go into
your web browser and search ad free to
search ad free on Google and you'll see
I don't know if this will focus but it's
ad free dot big tin can com just click
on the link and you'll see download ad
free click that should download very
quickly once it's downloaded go to your
notifications and click on it and you'll
see ad free install make sure in
settings you have unknown sources
unchecked so you can download apps from
unknown sources besides the market and
once you're done that's basically it you
have to you'll see this new app called
ad free click it you're gonna have to
I'm just gonna say skip this screen and
boot normally in the future you don't
want to show anything extra for the
average user you're gonna have to grant
it super user access
allow and then the first thing you're
going to notice is update found new host
host means have been added to the list
update now to block them so all you have
to do I'm going to skip I'm not going to
register anything
all you have to do in this app is click
download and install hosts it'll take
just a couple seconds and then you'll
see success you now removed all the ads
on your phone I'll go back to the app
and I'll show you know banner no
advertisement it's easy is that free up
your screen get faster load times and
stop annoying yourself with those
useless ads all you have to do is
download ad free and block the host
names peace